---
title: 5·12 What am I doing that day?
date: 2017-05-12 20:44:40
tags:
---

For things that were a long time ago, such as what I am doing, what I am thinking, my memory is very vague, which is the inevitable result of the abuse of male special abilities.

However, the day nine years ago was very special. At that time, I was still a second-year junior high school student, which was in the literal "Secondary" stage. At that time, I seemed to be in the middle of my life. I learned that I was the top four in my grades. At a certain event in the school, there were girls who confessed to me. This is what I don’t dare to think about now. She is not at all. Know me, just know that my grades are good to express my feelings. I was very surprised that day. I had lunch at noon and I ran to the top floor corridor alone. Looking at the distance from the railing, I could only feel the warmth of the sun shining on me. After that, I came to the conclusion that I like summer. After all, this allows me to enjoy such a pleasant time. At that time, I was a self-proclaimed "winner of life" with little but full content.

But no matter how strange the behavior of human beings, there must be a reason. I am no exception. I found some clues along the memory. From the top of the building, I went back to the classroom and started to take a nap. Before I walked to my seat, I had to go through her seat. It turned out to be the case. I used to have this unrequited love in adolescence. I passed in front of her and was noticed to be happy all day.

At that time, my favorite thing was the exam, because this is the only way to not judge the value of the students correctly. I have achieved some impressive results by relying on it. I liked to watch those who were judged as "no value". The expression of the classmates. At the beginning of the afternoon, it was a biology class. It was also a monthly test. I know that it should be high. After the exam went very smoothly, I swung the pen quickly and wanted to finish early and then leisurely watched the answer in the seat. I wanted to play something fresh, so I tried to stand up the bench and just sit on the back of the two bench legs. Then I created a movement similar to 噗 噗 or 咔哒, and even felt the vibration from the wall. "It must be that the nearby construction site is repairing the house, and the one that knocks down the bungalow in a slap in the face." I often see this kind of thing near my home. There is nothing wrong with this association. But I don't give me more time to think, even the desks, the ceiling fans that give us hard service, the glass that I have broken the ball, and the biological teacher who has no face to love!

"Run! Zhu JJ!"

This is a slightly echoed shout from the biology teacher. She is calling her son of one meter eight and seems to be sitting near me. And I don't know where the brain is on the foot, grab the test paper and run out! When I ran to the door, I couldn’t feel the turmoil in the classroom, because the whole building was shaking. If it wasn’t happening to me, it’s just a disaster film for entertainment. And write a film review - "Really make me feel like I want to vomit" and then recommend it to others to watch. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The first time I saw the corridor that was being squeezed, I went downstairs and looked back at the top floor. It’s hard to believe that I was still there to sing a few hours ago, and now I even have a sister. They didn't have time to look at it and rushed through the crowd.

When I got to the playground, I felt that I should be safe. I took out the test paper and showed off my spirit to the students around me. At the same time, I also successfully concealed the embarrassment of panic. There are seven hundred people on the playground. It is probably the opportunity for a small number of teachers and students to gather together. The younger brothers and sisters of the third grade will not waste time on the playground. After passing through the mouth, I learned that the school asked us to rest on the playground and wait for our parents to pick up.

At the time, I didn't have a mobile phone, and God knew how to contact my parents.

I didn't have a mobile phone at the time, and of course I didn't have a computer. I didn't even have a QQ number. I know the earthquake, but I don’t know anything else. I think it’s not just my school earthquake, I still know. I was very tired. When I waited for 700 people to wait for 400 people, I remembered that I had a secret to pass the time and forgot to use it. So I invited a dead party to run to urinate, and made a pass when she passed by her side. I want to get some attention when I step on the bicycle, but I don’t know the effect.

After repeating several similar behaviors, I seem to be more tired. I started to scream at these teachers in my heart. The rules for not doing shit should wait until the parents come to pick up. I also began to regret my behavior, probably before the behavior. Will be treated as a neuropathy. Then I felt that the fire in the sky had to be burned to the ground. The class teacher said, "Let's go, classmates, it's too late to go home and be careful." Thankfully, I also learned the good news of the specific notices such as the resumption time.

I liked to observe everything around me at that time. I always felt that the weather was quite wrong. In my words, it was red in the sky, but it was very gloomy. There was also a demon wind. On the way home, I felt that everyone was very excited. I also No exception, I want to go home and watch TV all the way to know what happened. My family is actually the shop my parents opened. I lived in the store with my parents. When I got home, I saw that they dragged some things out and put them on the street. It seems that they are preventing something and then attracting me. It is an instant noodles and a box of mineral water. I have never seen these two things in the "pieces" at home. I am very happy.

However, I never expected to spend the next week in instant noodles and more horrible things happened.
